Update EP relate docs (#23594)
microsoft/onnxruntime: docs/execution-providers/EP-Context-Design.md

## Background

> OnnxRuntime Execution Providers enable users to inference Onnx model on different kinds of hardware accelerators empowered by backend SDKs (like QNN, OpenVINO, Vitis AI, etc). The Execution Providers convert the Onnx model into graph format required by the backend SDK, and compiles it into the format required by the hardware. Specific to NPU world, the converting and compiling process takes a long time to complete, especially for LLM models. The session creation time costs tens of minutes for some cases which impacts the user experience badly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OnnxRuntime Execution Providers enable users to inference Onnx model on different kinds of hardware accelerators empowered by backend SDKs (like QNN, OpenVINO, Vitis AI, etc). The Execution Providers convert the Onnx model into graph format required by the backend SDK, and compile it into the format required by the hardware. Specific to NPU world, the converting and compiling process takes a long time to complete, especially for LLM models. The session creation time costs tens of minutes for some cases which impacts the user experience badly.
```

  c. If the user loads the model from memory buffer, user needs to provide session option ep.context_file_path. EP gets the folder path from ep.context_file_path, and combines it with the relative path   got from step a) as the context binary file full path. 

<p align="center"><img width="60%" src="../../images/EP_context_nodes_with_different_eps.png" alt="EP Context nodes with different EPs"/></p>

## New ExecutionProvider interface GetEpContextNodes() to help generate the EP Context cache model

> It is hard for Execution Providers to generate the partitioned graph whithin the Execution Provider code since Execution Provider does not has a good picture of the whole partitioned graph. New ExecutionProvider interface GetEpContextNodes() is added to support this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is hard for Execution Providers to generate the partitioned graph within the Execution Provider code since an Execution Provider does not have a good picture of the whole partitioned graph. New ExecutionProvider interface GetEpContextNodes() is added to support this.
```
